
    ---- Housing

    Housing is a resource essential to starting your nation. It is generated by any building filed under "Residential" and will allow CITIZENS to move in.
    Selling/Destroying a building with active housing will evict the residents and give a burst of unhappiness. If they were currently assigned to a job that production will slow or halt.
    Houses can catch fire and that fire, depending on how heavily the structure is damaged will reduce the housing available and either kill or strand citizens.


    ---- Citizens

    Every new house or residential building you construct will have HOUSING available inside. You can have one new citizen per every HOUSING.
    Upon construction the building will be assigned an alignment of either Left, Neutral, or Right. The alignment wont be visible until laws are available to you.
    At first citizens needs will be very basic, only food and water needed to keep them alive and happy, but as you get new tech and grow that will change.
    If the citizen loses their house by any means they will either leave the nation if no other housing is available, or move in somewhere else.

    ---- Primary Resources

     TIMBER: Generated by a Lumbermill. Used in construction of ALL buildings.
     COTTON: Generated by a Livestock Farm. Used to make CLOTHES.
      GRAIN: Generated by a Farm. Used to make BREAD.
      BREAD: Generated by a Bakery. Used to feed CITIZENS.
      STONE: Generated by a Quarry. Used in mid-high tier construction.
    CLOTHES: Generated by a Tailor. Used by CITIZENS to increase HAPPINESS.
      WATER: Generated by a Well. Needed for some structures to be built. Used by CITIZENS to increase HAPPINESS.
       HEMP: Generated by a Hemp Farm. Needed to create ROPE.
       ROPE: Generated by a Tailor. Used in the construction of some buildings.
       GOLD: Generated by a Mine. Can be sold to increase cash, or refined into jewelery for CITIZENS to use to increase HAPPINESS.
      BARDS: Generated from a Tavern. Increase nation happiness.
    STORAGE: Generated by Warehouses. Used to hold resources when the production building internal storage is full.


    ---- Military Resources

       SOLDIERS: Generated by various sources. Used to fight off rebellions and invasions.
    MERCENARIES: Hireable in Taverns. Merge into SOLDIERS once recruited.